BOOKMARKS TYPES

1 I need to look at this site later (or show it to someone)
2 Nice site, I may want to look at it again later
3 It's boring to type the url of a site I visit everyday ...

TASKS

Add bookmarks to the collection
	1A Choose a title (based on the web page title)
	1B Associate the bookmark with a topic to be able to find it later
	1C Associate the bookmark with multiple topics
	1D Edit the bookmark url (I actually meant to bookmark the main web page,
			          it would have took more time to go there and bookmark)

Browse the bookmarks collection
	2A Find a bookmark type 2: hmm mpt had something to say about this
	 			   usability problem, what was his site url ?
	2B Find a bookmark type 2: this is an hard usability problem, lets see if
				   I can find something about the topic
				   in my bookmarks collection
	2C Find a bookmark type 1
	2D Find a bookmark type 3

Edit basic bookmarks properties
	3A Change the title of a bookmark (you noticed that it was hard to find again,
	when you posted it, you was in a hurry and had no time to fix the web page title)
	3B Change the topics associated to the bookmark (same reasons as for the title)
	3C Change the url of a bookmark (work around redirection problems, just wanted to
				         bookmark the homepage)

Additional bookmarks properties
	4A Associate a smart bookmark with a keyword (you can do: google whatiamlookingfor)
	4B Choose which sites I want to be notified about the changes
	4C Edit the smart url (%s)
	.....

INTERFACE

FIRST TRY (tasks 1D, 4C dropped)

1A New bookmark dialog, title entry
1C New bookmark dialog, table of checkboxes + new topic button

2A Bookmarks dialog. Search entry / Left pane
2B Bookmarks dialog. Left pane
2C Bookmarks dialog. Search entry / Left pane
2D Bookmarks toolbars.

3A Bookmarks dialog. Title entry
3B Bookmarks dialog. Properties. table of checkboxes + new topic button
3C Bookmarks dialog. Properties. location entry

4A Bookmarks dialog. Properties. keyword entry
4B Bookmarks dialog. Properties. checkbox

SECOND TRY (tasks 1D, 4C, 1C, 4A, 4B dropped)

1A New bookmark dialog, title entry
1B New bookmark dialog, topic combo

2A Bookmarks dialog. Search entry / Left pane
2B Bookmarks dialog. Left pane
2C Bookmarks dialog. Search entry / Left pane
2D Bookmarks toolbars.

3A Bookmarks dialog. Title entry
3B Bookmarks dialog. topic combo
3C Bookmarks dialog. location entry

